Update Project Log up to 13 may (#52)
hertie-dsa-26/project-scream: project-log-scream.md

## Team Members

| GitHub Handle | Name |
|---|---|
| `luiscza` | Luis |
| `adarsht27` | Adarsh | 
| `YenusAyalew` | Yenus | 
| `JesperBoon` | Jesper | 
| `mateism` | Marci | 
| `KJ-7` | Kevine | 
| `davraco9-lab` | David | 

---

## February 2026 — Project Kickoff & Dataset Selection

**Feb 11:** Marci creates the team group chat ("SCREAM"). Team begins scheduling their first sprint/scrum meeting.

**Feb 12 — First Scrum Meeting** (hybrid): Kevine assigns first tasks — everyone reviews the project rubric, explores datasets, and prepares a dataset pitch for the next meeting.

> 

Reviewer: Feb 12 – Adarsh prepared the Contribution Regulations document and implemented branch‑protection rules in the repository. The document outlines guidelines for working with branches, creating and reviewing pull requests, and merging changes to maintain a clean and consistent Git workflow.

Author: March 12, it is already included.

Reviewer: Super! Github PR review extension on my VS-Code is probably not showing full file. It might be truncating some parts. Thanks for informing about it.

**Apr 21 — Extended Stand-up (45 min):** Meeting to discuss progress of Adarsh, Yenus, Kevine, and David on ML work. Discussed integration with the Flask skeleton. **Final models confirmed.**

**Apr 23 — Coworking Session:**

> 

Reviewer: Apr 23 – Kevine, Adarsh, and Yenus shared their literature review insights and discussed model options for training on the dataset, ultimately selecting one aligned with the medical context.

Author: see april 14-17.

Reviewer: Super! Github PR review extension on my VS-Code is probably not showing full file. It might be truncating some parts. Thanks for informing about it.

**Apr 24:** PR #35 (Adarsh's literature summaries) merged.
 
**Apr 30:**
- Adarsh prepares the SVM pipeline notebook and serialises pickle files + feature JSON for the Flask app (PR #40).
- Jesper integrates logistic regression into the Flask app as an initial wired-up model.
- PR #38 (Jesper's skeleton work) merged by Yenus.
- PR #40 (SVM model upload) merged by Adarsh.
---
 
## May 2026 — Tests, CI, and Final Refinements
 
**May 1:** PR #27 (Luis's patch) merged. Marci resolves outstanding review comments.
 
**May 2:** Marci pushes interim app progress — prediction and explorer pages taking shape.

**May 4:** Marci adds a pytest test suite and a GitHub Actions YML file for CI. Fixes to the prediction and explorer pages; pytest integrated into the `uv` workflow. This closes the "Set up test suite" and "CI" items from the to-do list.
 
**May 6:**
- Adarsh updates the README and benchmarks the project against the rubric (PR #48, merged). Citations reformatted closer to APA style.

**May 7 – Coworking Session:**
- PR #42 (feat/ml-integration) merged by Marci.
- PR #44 (tests) merged by Marci.
- Survey respondent count corrected in `home.html`.

> - Luis attended Prof. Dimmery's office hours to gather feedback to the app and input for the presentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Luis and Adarsh attended Prof. Dimmery's office hours to gather feedback to the app and input for the presentation
```

- Extensive internal feedback session to features and flask app

> **May 9:** Team spins up temporary Cloudflare tunnel to demo the live app to the team. Team member reviews it on mobile - no issues, slight load time on the explorer page noted (acceptable given it queries the Parquet directly; team decides not to refactor the dataloader at this stage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**May 9:** Adarsh sets up temporary Cloudflare tunnel to demo the live app to the team. Team member reviews it on mobile - no issues, slight load time on the explorer page noted (acceptable given it queries the Parquet directly; team decides not to refactor the dataloader at this stage).
```
